# [Songs](https://cs50.harvard.edu/x/2024/psets/7/songs/)

## Understand the schema of ```songs.db```

- Run ```sqlites songs.db```
  - ```sqlite3``` will prompt you to provide a query.
- Type ```.schema```
  - This will output the CREATE TABLE statements that were used to generate each of the tables in the database. By examining those statements, you can identify the columns present in each table.
- Type ```.quit``` when you want to quit ```sqlite3```
  - It will lead you back to the original directory ```songs```.

## Implementation Details

For each of the following problems, you should write a single SQL query that outputs the results specified by each problem.

* The [results.txt](results.txt) of SQL queries (1.sql ~ 8.sql) are generated by [results.py](results.py).


## Spotify Wrapped
[Spotify Wrapped](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spotify_Wrapped) is a feature presenting Spotify users’ 100 most played songs from the past year. In 2021, Spotify Wrapped calculated an “[Audio Aura](https://newsroom.spotify.com/2021-12-01/learn-more-about-the-audio-aura-in-your-spotify-2021-wrapped-with-aura-reader-mystic-michaela/)” for each user, a “reading of their two most prominent moods as dictated by their top songs and artists of the year.” 

Suppose Spotify determines an audio aura by looking at the average energy, valence, and danceability of a person’s top 100 songs from the past year. In [answers.txt](answers.txt), reflect on the following questions:

- If songs.db contains the top 100 songs of one listener from 2018, how would you characterize their audio aura?
- Hypothesize about why the way you’ve calculated this aura might not be very representative of the listener. What better ways of calculating this aura would you propose?
